Terms and conditions of the "Biohacking" Competition
1. These terms and conditions (hereinafter referred to as Terms) stipulate the rules and
conditions of the "Biohacking" Competition in a hackathon event HackYeah and are
an annex to the general terms and conditions of HackYeah Hackathon.
2. The Hackathon Sponsor and promising the prize within the meaning of art. 921 § 3 of
the Civil Code (Journal of Laws 2017, item 459) is Proidea Sp. z o.o., with registered
office in Kraków 30-418, ul. Zakopiańska 9, registered under numbers: NIP
(Taxpayers ID no): 6793088842 and REGON (Business ID no): 122769022, entered
into KRS (National Court Register) under number 0000448243, which may be
reached at biuro@proidea.org.pl.
3. Details of the task will be presented at the start of the competition.
4. Prizes in Competitions organized by the Organizer will be issued within 90 days from
the announcement of results, unless otherwise specified in the respective
Competition rules.
5. Participation in the "Biohacking" Competition may be taken individually and in teams
of up to six people who have started solving the competition task no earlier than
12:00 PM on October 4th and forwarded the task for evaluation no later than 12:00
PM on October 5th. The task submitted for evaluation must include:
a. project title
b. name of the team
c. list of team members (1-6 members)
d. project description
e. maximum 10-slides PDF presentation
and could include: snapshots, code repository, demo links, graphic materials
and other materials related to the project or suggested in the detailed task
description. The task solutions should be submitted to platform Challenge
Rocket in English or Polish.
6. Participants related to or affined with members of the "Biohacking" Competition Jury
and employees promising the prize are excluded from participation.
7. The prize in the competition is 5 000 PLN (including tax).
8. The goal of the Competition is to present the solutions to the problem - an open task.
The solutions of respective tasks will be evaluated in 2 phases:
a. phase 1 - evaluation of submitted projects on the Challenge Rocket platform
by a commission appointed for the specific task, consisting of at least three
Mentors.
b. phase 2 - evaluation of live presentations delivered by the finalists to a Jury.
The presentations (pitching) will be made by the teams chosen in phase 1.
It is emphasized that the members of the evaluation commission in phase 1 and the
Jury in phase 2 may coincide, but they are not obligated to be the same individuals.
9. The members of the Jury will select a chairman from among themselves.
10. In the event of an equal number of votes, the Jury's vote shall decide in both phases.
11. Judging criteria are as follows:
● Idea & Innovation - 30%
● Relation to Category - 20%
● Practical Applicability / Usability - 20%
● Design - 20%
● Completeness & Implementation Value - 10%
12. In order to receive the award, the project must receive a minimum of 50% of the
points in 1 step. Jury and Jury members' decisions are final and cannot be appealed.
13. Any alterations or revisions made after the statutory time is expired are illegal. Any
alterations and modifications made after the statutory time is expired will not be
considered by the Jury.
14. The author's proprietary copyrights to the awarded solution will not be transferred to
the Competition Sponsor.
15. Jury members will be posted on the HackYeah communication platform (Discord) no
later than October 5th.